Update Astra CLI README.md (#30)
riptano/astra-portal-getting-started: astracliGettingStarted/README.md

- Use the CLI to connect to and manage Astra DB

# Prerequisites

> To use the Astra CLI, you need to create a token with the **Organization Administrator** role.

Author: **Ignore this update--I saw how you edited the other roles. This matches just fine.

> To use the Astra CLI, you need to create a token with the **Organization Administrator** role.

Author: ```suggestion
To use the Astra CLI, you need to create a token with the _"Organization Administrator"_ role.
```

- Add `C:\Programs\astra-cli\astra.exe` to your path using [this tutorial](https://www.howtogeek.com/118594/how-to-edit-your-system-path-for-easy-command-line-access/)

## 2 Setup

> In this step, you will configure the CLI to use your Astra token and get familiar with some basic commands.

Author: ```suggestion
In this step, configure the CLI to use your Astra token and get familiar with some basic commands.
```

### 2a Configuring your token
Before issuing commands, you need to initialize the configuration file `~/.astrarc`. 

> To run the following command during setup, you will be asked to provide your token (AstraCS:...).

Author: ```suggestion
To run the following command during setup, provide your token (AstraCS:...) when prompted.
```

## 4 Summary

> In summary, we learned how to install the Astra CLI, access the integrated documentation, work with databases, and run a simple query with CQLSH. This just scratches the surface of what you can do with the CLI, both in your local development environment and in your automation and CI/CD scripts. 

Author: ```suggestion
In summary, you learned how to install the Astra CLI, access the integrated documentation, work with databases, and run a simple query with CQLSH. This just scratches the surface of what you can do with the CLI, both in your local development environment and in your automation and CI/CD scripts. 
```
